	ADC Testing Documentation

TEST NAME: msm_adc_test

INPUTS:

[Test Type]

  -n, --nominal		     Tests all channels once with both blocking and non-blocking
			     requets.
  -a, --adversarial	     Run scenarios that are expected to fail.
  -s, --stress		     Launch 6 threads that test either blocking or aio
			     transfer requests
  -p, --repeatability	     Run the nominal test case 5 times
  -r, --release		     Run the nominal, adversarial, and repeatability test cases.
  -e  --epm		     Include EPM channels for testing

[Options]

  -v, --verbose <verbosity>  Run with varying test information displayed
  -h, --help		     Print help message and exit

If no 'test type' is specified, then the nominal case is executed

DESCRIPTION:

This test exercises the dal adc driver to make conversion requests to the three
LTC ADC devices found on the 7x30 Fluid using the provided ioctl interface.
First, it get local channel indices for each respective channel name. Next, it
will use both blocking and non-blocking transfer requests to return the requested data.

For the non-blocking case, the test queues a series of channel requests, then blocks
on completion using the POLL ioctl command. Once at least one result is available from
the driver, POLL will return and the test will use the READ ioctl command to return the
results.

EPM Channels:

EPM stands for Embedded Power Measurement. EPM ADC channels are used for measuring the 
current on specific power rails through on-board sense resistors.
EPM channels are supported only on 7x30 Fluids and 8660 Fluids

TARGETS:

  -7x30  FLUID, 8x60 SURF/FFA, 8x60 FLUID

Boards supporting EPM chanenls:

  - 7x30 FLUID, 8x60 FLUID

NOTES:

This test could also compare results on a channel to channel basis to make sure they
are reasonable. Currently it does not, since the values returned from the modem are not
accurate.

The driver also provides a hwmon / sysfs interface. This test does not exercise that interface.
It only uses the ioctl interface.
